src/activities/interaction-relabelling/index.md, before:

## Interaction Relabelling

The intention of this activity is to understand the arbitrary characteristics that make an object recognizable, and usable. What if we didn't have years of experience telling us how to use scissors, or a doorstop? This is how you should imagine your users when you design interactions.

Your group will be assigned an object. For the purposes of this exercise, you will refer to this object by the title "The Object". You may come up with other names for your object, but under no circumstances are you to refer to it by its usual, socially-acceptable title.

As a group, brainstorm a series of names and uses for this object. These can be silly or impractical. The only requirement is that they must in some way take advantage of the unique physical characteristics of your object. Spend about 15 minutes writing down as many uses as you can.

Once you have a list of uses, decide on the best 'use'. Write and direct a very short video (30 seconds to a minute) demonstrating the use of this object. It's best if you can film your video in a single take, so you don't have to edit it.

Commit message:

remove video from ixd-relabelling

src/activities/interaction-relabelling/index.md, after:

## Interaction Relabelling

The intention of this activity is to understand the arbitrary characteristics that make an object recognizable, and usable. What if we didn't have years of experience telling us how to use scissors, or a doorstop? This is how you should imagine your users when you design interactions.

Your group will be assigned an object. For the purposes of this exercise, you will refer to this object by the title "The Object". You may come up with other names for your object, but under no circumstances are you to refer to it by its usual, socially-acceptable title.

As a group, brainstorm a series of names and uses for this object. These can be silly or impractical. The only requirement is that they must in some way take advantage of the unique physical characteristics of your object. Spend about 15 minutes writing down as many uses as you can.

Once you have a list of uses, decide collectively on the best use from your list. Come up with a short presentation demonstrating the use of your object.
